Suck your stomach
Jiang Nini, are you fat again?
These 6 plus skirts can't pull anything.
You see, he can't fit in even 10 pulps.
Did you hide it outside on purpose?
This is clearly not my size
Excuse me?
This is the largest size dress in my store.
I didn't know you could be so fat
Hahahaha
Ha ha.
I don't need you all to get me out
Go, go, go, go too
Humph ginger rice grains
I see how you still participate in mine
Want me to give up
You are still so
Brother An really wants to go to the river
I heard that this river is fat and ugly
It's really from the vest.
Me and you
If you don't speak, no one will let you be the boss
But Ange
This Gui Min and eliminated your sister
It's also what I've seen since I was a child
This is for your comfort.
The Jiang family promised me eternity
It's my responsibility.
Brother Li An's wedding today
He can't do it
What's the matter, leave him
Divorce broke the marriage canal
Got a big fire
Kicked us all out
What can we do about this?
This is just in time
Really can't
or
Ask me to postpone
Pick another good time
Pick a bigger dress for the bride
Yes, yes, extension, extension.
Who said it was going to be postponed?